1.A programming language is any set of rules that convert strings or graphical program elements in the case of visual case programming languages, to various kinds of machine code output.
 Java is a general-purpose programming language that is class-based and object-oriented. The programming language is structured in such a way that developers can write code anywhere and run it anywhere without worrying about the underlying computer architecture.

 2.I am working with Java version 8. I find out when I download the java because we install the old version of java; java version 8.
 3.An IDE or integrated development environment is a software application that combines, in one place, all the tools needed for a software development project.
 Which IDE you are working with? - IntelliJ Idea CE

 4. A text listing of commends to be compiled or assembled into an executable computer program.
  What is a file extension for Java source code? - .java is the file extension code.
 5.What is the second stage of the Java life cycle? - Java compiler
 6.Which compiler is used for compiling Java files? - (javac tool)
 7.J
 8.Which command is used to call Java compiler in terminal or CMD? -javac and then file name such as(MyApp)
 9.What is the third stage of the Java Life Cycle?-  Java virtual machine
 10.At which stage class loader is used- Class loaders are responsible for loading Java classes dynamically to the JVM (Java Virtual Machine) during runtime and what function does it perform-
 11.Which unit is responsible for translating bytecodes into machine code?- JVM
 12. What is the last stage of the Java Life Cycle?- The last step will be execution, The bytecode generated by the compiler will be executed by Java Virtual Machine (JVM). Input to the JVM is bytecode and output is machine code (0's and 1's) which will be executed by the CPU of the local machine.​​
 13.Which command is used to run the Java program in terminal or CMD? - javac MyApp.java
 14.When a class loader presents the bytecodes of a newly loaded Java platform class to the virtual machine, these bytecodes are first inspected by a verifier. The verifier checks that the instructions cannot perform actions that are obviously damaging.
 15.JDK means Java Development kit. It is a core package used in java, along with JVM (java virtual machine) and JRE (Java runtime environment).
 16.Name main components present in JVM are
 library managers: the library manager loads Java source, class, or resource files into the database. These Java schema objects are not accessed directly, and only an Oracle JVM uses them.
 Compiler: The Oracle JVM includes a standard Java compiler.
 Interpreter: To run Java programs, the Oracle JVM includes a standard Java 2 bytecode interpreter. The interpreter and the associated Java run-time system run standard Java class files. The run-time system supports native methods and call-in and call-out from the host environment.
 class loader: In response to requests from the run-time system, the Java class loader locates, loads, and initializes Java classes stored in the database. The class loader reads the class and generates the data structures needed to run it.
 Verifier: The verifier prevents the inadvertent use of spoofed Java class files, which might alter program flow or violate access restrictions.
 server-side JDBC internal driver: The JDBC classes are modeled after ODBC and the X/Open SQL Call Level Interface (CLI) and provide standard features, such as simultaneous connections to several databases, and transaction management, simple queries, calls to stored procedures, and streaming access to LONG column data.
 server-side SQLJ translator: The SQLJ preprocessor, which itself is a Java program, takes as input a Java source file in which SQLJ clauses are embedded. Then, it translates the SQLJ clauses into Java class definitions that implement the specified SQL statements. The Java type system ensures that objects of those classes are called with the correct arguments.
 17.What is JRE: JRE is a java runtime environment. It occurs when JVM working it’s included in JVM don’t need to install separately. It comes with it.
 18.What is the syntax? - Syntax is every line of code that runs in java must be inside of the class.
  Make a list of rules(you learned in a class) you should always follow while creating your Java application.
 public class Main {
   	public static void main(String[] args) {
    		 System.out.println("My App");
  	}
 }
 19. How should we name our Java application? We should name applications by using upper and lower class latter. Those identify as Packages names should be Lowercase, clclasses and interfaces' names should be Camelcase, Methods, and variable names should be in mixed cases, and contents should be Uppercase.
 20.Write a structure of a simple Java application.
 	-documentation section
 	-package statement
 	-import statement
 	-interface statement
 	-Class definations
 	-main method class
 {
 	  Main method definition
   		}

 21.Comments are text notes added to the program to provide explanatory information about the source code. They are used in a programming language to document the program and remind programmers of what tricky things they just did with the code and also help the later generation for understanding and maintenance of code.
 22. On intelii j
23. What is a file extension for Java executable code- .class At which stage of the Java Life Cycle do we get executable code? - JVM
24. This is when the code is translated from a programming language to a language that a machine understands.
25.Compile-time ends with the generation of which file?- C file
 26.Can you run the program without compilation? -No, but java 11 version there is a way to run with compilation.
 27.Runtime is the final phase of the program lifecycle in which the machine executes the program's code.
 28.During which phase .class file is loaded into memory runtime or compile time?- Compile-time. Who loads the .class file into memory?- JVM’s class loader.
